- [ Laughing ]
- Right?
Yeah. Hey, Mom.
Listen to this card
Dad got for Grandpa Jay.
"Hip-hip-hip hooray.
Save the extra hip.
You’ll need it someday."
[ Both Laughing ]
’Cause he’s old.
Mmm. You’re not
giving him that.
- Even if he drinks
his other gift first?
- Nope.
Ladies, do you remember
exactly one year ago today...
when you did not have a gift
for your grandfather and it
killed him just a little,
so I suggested you start
interviewing all the members of
the family for a video tribute?
Well, check it and burn.
We totally did that.
[ Alex ]
Almost.
We just need
to finish the editing.
And you should talk.
You haven’t even started
on your gift yet.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
That’s because
I changed mine.
I thought of a better
idea yesterday.
I think I came up
with a better idea.
Okay. My dad has a picture
of me and Mitchell
when we were kids...
standing in our
old backyard.
We’re gonna re-create
the picture.
I did the same thing last year
for my parents for Christmas.
It went over like gangbusters.
[ Phil Laughing ]
You remember?
[ Claire ] Funny.
Oh, I do. I do.
Ohh.
I do.
Come on, girls. TV off.
It’s your grandfather’s
birthday.
We gotta start
taking this seriously.
Permission
to come aboard.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
My best birthday memory:
I’m a teenager,
and for some reason I drag
this boat out on the lake,
and for hours,
I’m just lying there, fishing,
alone with my thoughts.
Fantastic.
That’s all I want this year.
So, that’s really
going to be your day?
You’re going fishing?
With time out
for a gourmet lunch.
Sausage of the Month Club
really nailed it in May.
But, honey, no offense.
They almost lost me last month
with that chorizo.
- [ Doorbell Rings ]
- Why no offense?
It’s a sausage.
It’s not on our flag.
Lily,
what you doing here?
Surprise! We were just
on our way to get Jay’s cake
and thought we’d pop by.
Lily was driving me crazy
all morning.
I had to get rid of her.
[ Lily Crying ]
She refuses to get dressed.
Well, did you try
bribing her?
Oh, no.
Of course I did.
I cannot go back
in there, Mitchell.
Why did we ever decide
to have a kid?
I don’t know.
[ Crying Continues ]
Come on.
She loves you so much.
Just this morning
she was looking
at a picture of you,
and I swear she was trying
to say your name.
Really?
Ay, I would love
to spend more time with her,
but I have to go to the mall
to get Jay’s gift
for his birthday.
I’m sorry, sweetie.
Gloria’s busy. No, don’t cry.
We should go.
Oh, maybe
I can take her with me.
Okay. Bag’s packed.
Have fun.
Bye, sweetie.
Hey, Cam.
Oh, hey, Manny.
Mom, is Jay still here?
No. He just left.
Shoot.
Why? What’s up, pal?
I’m going over to
a friend’s house where I
may have to use this thing.
I only used it once,
and that was to take
a torte out of the oven.
Okay, well, first, let’s
loosen this thing up.
So what’s her name?
How’d you know?
Well, you’re pretending
to be something you’re not.
Boys do that for girls.
Or really dreamy boys.
[ Chuckles ]
Her name’s Tara.
We have great chats online.
She’s really smart and funny,
but she’s on a softball team.
Well, nobody’s perfect.
Hey, you know what?
Why don’t we go outside
and toss the ball around.
Okay.
Wow.
And you know what?
I wouldn’t worry too much.
She’s gonna like you
even if sports
aren’t your thing.
Aren’t my thing? I have
a tennis racket upstairs I only
use as a bubble bath frother.
Wow.
How do you put this on?
Excuse me, miss.
Sorry.
[ Laughs ]
You answered to "miss."
[ Forced Laugh ]
Hilarious. Hey.
Glen Whipple–
my college rival.
Captain of the cheer squad,
winner of every robot battle.
Every second I spent
with the guy just made me
feel worse about myself.
The only thing I could
compete with him in
was close-up magic.
Ah. Well,
it’s great to see you.
Great to see you too.
And I believe this is yours.
What? When?
Hey, you headed
over to the card shop?
I was in there earlier.
I got myself one
of those musical cards.
A little more expensive,
but I can swing it.
Oh, well,
great to see you.
Yeah.
By the way, don’t leave
without this quarter
from behind your–
Come on, Phil.
[ Coin Clinking ]
Good luck, Dunphy.
I’m off to get
some new cross trainers.
I blow through them
pretty fast with all this
power walking I’m into.
[ Clicks Teeth ]
Catch you later.
Phil!
Hey.
What are you two
doing here?
Shopping for tonight.
Oh. I’ll walk with you.
Where were you heading?
The card store.
[ Gasps ]
What a beautiful child.
You and your wife
must be so happy.
[ Laughs ]
Bye.
I didn’t think anything of it
until other people started
making the same mistake.
It reminded me
of a college job I had
parking cars.
One day I had
to park an Aston Martin.
I’ll never forget
the looks I got driving
that baby down the block,
and I wasn’t
gonna dent this one.
Hey, uh, what would you think
about swinging by
the shoe store?
Okay, let’s go.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ Sighs ]
I still can’t believe
all the looks we got
driving over here.
And yet you wore the hat
the whole time.
Don’t you think we should
park on the next block over?
This is all permit parking.
No. We used to live here.
It’s fine.
Yeah, still, I– Oh.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I don’t think anybody’s home.
You don’t?
Here. Hang on to this.
What?
Where are you going?
The backyard.
We’ll take this picture
really quickly, and then
we’ll just get out of here.
No, let’s just–
let’s just wait
for them to come home.
Okay,
that-that’s trespassing.
No, it’s not.
We used to live here.
I don’t think that does
what you think it does.
Of course you would baby out,
because this is just like
pool-hopping all over again.
I don’t see
what was fun about that.
It made going in Grandma’s pool
less special.
Why don’t you try being
a little less special?
[ Body Hits Ground ]
Oh–
Is it far?
[ Grunts ]
[ Clears Throat ]
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hello.
Hi. It’s Sandra
from the dog groomer.
I’m trying to reach Gloria.
Stella’s ready.
Oh, I must have her phone.
She probably grabbed mine again.
Listen. This is her husband.
You have my number
right there probably.
Give that a call.
Oh, okay. Thanks.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Yeah, it’s me again.
I’ll be right there.
Yeah, I did blame her
for no reason.
You have a little bit
of an attitude,
you know that?
You know who did your job
in my day? A hose.
Okay, a little
to your left.
Yes, okay.
Right there. That’s it.
Perfect. Okay.
Hurry.
And I was right–
Quickly.
here.
Okay. Fast.
Here we go.
It’s weird being back here,
isn’t it?
I know.
Everything looks
exactly the same.
Except for the fence.
Yeah, what’s with that?
Who are they trying
to keep out anyway?
I don’t know.
[ Barking ]
[ Mitchell ]
Oh, God.
Oh.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
Oh, wow. Oh, my God.
No, it’s okay. He might
be friendly. He’s nice.
He’s so– He’s nice.
Oh! Oh, God!
[ Snarling ]
So not nice.
Hurry. Hurry, hurry.
Oh, God.
[ Barking ]
Now what do we do?
Well, you could try telling
him we used to live here.
They’re never coming home.
We need to call someone.
Use your phone.
Mine’s down there
getting rabies on it.
No, I left mine
in your car.
What?
Well, I didn’t wanna ruin
the line in my pants.
Oh, God.
[ Vehicle Beeping ]
Oh, look.
Somebody’s coming.
[ Mitchell ]
No. Okay,
that is what happens...
when you park
without a permit.
Stop! That’s ours!
We’re up here!
Stop!
He ignored me.
He didn’t stop for the
screaming sailor in a tree?
Give me your shoe.
You think that wolf
down there’s gonna be
afraid of a shoe?
No. No, I don’t.
Wha– What are you doing
with dad’s wine?
Getting comfortable.
Eesh.
We could be up here...
for a really long time.
Whoa. Where did you
learn how to do that?
[ Laughs ]
Where did you get
a sailor’s suit on short notice?
Fair enough.
Mm-hmm.
Ew. It’s merlot.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hello.
Manny! Hey, how did
it go with Tara?
[ Water Running ]
It’s still going on.
The catch part
went fine, mostly. I took
a running dive into the dirt.
Well, did you
at least catch the ball?
I was trying to throw the ball.
I’m in her bathroom
looking for Band-Aids.
I’m trying to get up the nerve
to tell her how I feel.
Well, just be honest.
She intimidates me.
Every time I open my mouth,
I say something stupid.
I called her bedroom
"fantazing."
That’s not even a word.
[ Tara ]
Are you okay
in there, Manny?
Yeah. I’m just
water washing my hands!
[ Sighs ]
Help me.
Tell me what to say.
Okay, how about this?
You are the prettiest,
smartest, funniest girl
in the sixth grade.
I know you’re only 11,
but I can’t stop
thinking about you.
I’ve loved talking
to you online.
I think we should become
boyfriend and girlfriend.
Oh, no,
it’s not what you think.
I’m talking to a little boy.
Oh.
[ Cell Phone Beeps ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Jay Grunts ]
Hello.
She’s not with me, Cam.
I got her phone.
Why are you crying?
How do you get kicked
out of a bakery?
- Well, that’ll do it.
- I’m sorry to ask you
to get your own birthday cake,
but I can’t get ahold
of any-anyone else.
Can’t do it.
I’m on my way to the lake,
finally. Just get something
at the grocery store.
I am not getting you
a grocery-store cake.
Gloria asked me to handle this.
She’s gonna yell at me, Jay.
She can be mean in Spanish.
Okay, fine.
- Let’s wrap this up, Princess.
- Okay. Love you. Bye.
What are you guys doing?
Just editing our
birthday tribute to Grandpa.
Some of the interviews
I did didn’t turn out
so well.
That’s okay.
We’ll just use the best stuff
from what we all got.
[ Alex ] Okay, Haley,
talk about Grandpa.
Ew!
I can’t talk about Grandpa
dressed like this.
[ Lawn Corpse Screams ]
I love my–
[ Dog Barking ]
That stupid dog next door!
Jay! Jay!
Jay!
Three, four, five– No.
[ Alex ]
Uncle Mitch, what do you think–
What are you doing?
Uh, nothing.
You didn’t see this,
and we don’t tell Cam.
Capisce?
[ Alex ]
It’ll only take one minute.
We don’t have a minute.
Who’s Clive Bixby?
A friend of your mom’s.
Not now!
[ Alex ] Hey, Uncle Cam,
can you talk about Jay?
Jay. I know.
No time. I got a little girl’s
birthday party to save.
Skedaddle. Go.
Oh, not now, honey.
Your father’s out back.
Why don’t you call him?
Phil– Dad!
Your kids need you!
Grandpa is really cool.
He once let me drink
some of his beer.
[ Alarm Beeps ]
For the love of–
Root beer.
I could’ve sworn
we had more.
Well, let me work my magic.
It’s all about creative editing.
Just give me two hours
and another hour.
Someone get me
some chocolate milk–
with extra salt.
Do you remember the time
you quit Cub Scouts
and Dad got mad at you,
so you ran away up here?
Right.
And you brought me
my dinner up here
and my comic books.
Yep. I think Mom and Dad
would have been a lot
more scared...
if you hadn’t been running
into the house to use
the bathroom.
I can’t go outside.
Great. Now I’m
thinking about it.
Mitchell.
It’s ironic.
We always wanted a dog
in this backyard
and we could never have one.
Ye-Yeah. Manny got one.
Hmm. Manny
gets everything.
Yeah.
Hey, do you think Manny’s
gonna get a third of–
A third of what?
You know.
[ Gasps ]
Oh. Uh– I guess.
Sure. I mean,
that seems fair, right?
Does it?
Claire, does it?
We’ve probably
had enough of this.
Okay, wait.
Do you think if we can get
the dog to chase this doll–
Then we can run down
and grab the phone really quick.
We could do that.
Yeah.
We just are going
to have to throw it
really, really far.
Right. So–
That way.
Mm-hmm.
Gloria, I’d still love
to swing by that shoe store.
If you’re in a hurry,
go by yourself.
No. I’ll wait.
Whipple! Whipple!
Okay.
What do you think?
Oh, it’s perfect.
Let’s see the other side.
[ Muffled ]
Whipple!
Bless you.
[ Phil ] Thank you.
It’s a little
too tight, no?
What do you think
of the tush?
Oh, I think it’s great.
Keep it there for a second.
Let’s make sure.
Yeah, but it’s
a little see-through.
Maybe if I
put this underneath,
then it won’t, like, show–
No, no, no, no, no.
It looks good that way.
I go try
something else better.
No, wait!
Wait.
Oh, don’t think about it.
Just get it.
Hilarious, Whipple.
I’m actually here
with someone.
Then you finally did make
something disappear.
She was here
a second ago.
Of course she was.
Just like that date you had
on the final night dance
of Junior Tumbling Congress.
There was traffic.
[ Scoffs ]
Sure.
I think I found something
that is going to make
my husband very happy.
[ Laughs ]
What do you think?
Oh, very happy, Gloria.
Oh!
Very happy.
Okay, but don’t go far away
because I might need help
with the zipper, okay?
Sounds good,
with the zipper.
Wow. Phil. I mean, wow.
That’s your wife?
It would appear so.
[ Hanger Settles On Rack ]
Great to see you, Glen.
Oh! Hmm.
You know, I gotta say
I’m a little surprised.
Surprised?
Or mystified?
Damn it.
It went down your shirt.
You can keep it.
I’ll see ya.
No, no.
I just always assumed
you would marry
Claire Pritchett.
You remember Claire?
Are you kidding?
She was gorgeous.
God, I was so jealous
of you back then.
You were jealous of me?
Oh, man.
Claire Pritchett,
with the blonde hair
and those brown eyes.
Great smile.
Oh, I can picture her
smiling right now.
I can’t.
I wonder who landed her.
Lucky son of a bitch.
Yeah.
Phil,
I need you!
What now?
Oh, uh, I’m sorry.
I’ll be there in a second.
No! How?
What the hell
were you thinking?
I’ll answer that for you.
You weren’t thinking.
[ Snickers ]
You think
that’s funny, Popeye?
No.
Popeye.
I should be fishing,
but I’m hauling
my ass across town...
trying to save you two
from a little dog.
At least we got to have
a dog for a few minutes.
Here we go.
You could show
a little gratitude, you know.
These pants are new.
Climbing over that fence,
I might have wrecked ’em.
[ Snickering ]
That’s mature.
I’m sorry. We’re sorry.
We’re sorry.
Sorry you said "rectum."
I’m sorry, Dad,
and we’re so glad
that you came–
Thank you.
and got us.
That was very smart the way
that you distracted the dog.
Twelve times a year
I get sausages.
That’s it.
What the hell am
I gonna do till June?
Hey.
Ah, let’s see it.
Okay.
It’s beautiful.
We just need
some candles.
I-I must have
in one of the drawers.
Okay.
Froot Loop necklace.
Baby Jesus. Keys.
I was looking for these keys.
Baby Jesus. BB gun.
More baby Jesus.
Ay, another baby–
Jesus, Stella,
don’t do that!
[ Jay ]
Gloria.
No, Jay!
Don’t come in here.
You cannot see the cake.
It’s the bad luck.
I already saw the cake.
I bought it while
I was busy not fishing.
No. Go to the bar. Go.
You never used to talk
to me like that
before we got that damn dog.
Hey, Manny,
I almost called you.
How did it go with Tara?
Okay, I guess.
I used
every line you gave me
and she totally ate it up.
Well, then why just okay?
She wants
to go on a date now,
to the batting cage.
Oh. Not so good
with a bat?
I am, as long
as I’m using it
to roll out dough.
I’ll bet you just need
a little practice.
You know, when I was your age,
I couldn’t hit a balloon
with a bat,
and my father took me
out to the field,
and a couple of hours later,
I was knocking the hide
off that ball.
It’s one of the best days
we ever had together.
Really?
Yeah. I just bet you need
some time in a batting cage.
What are you
doing this weekend?
That’d be fun, huh?
That’s a great idea.
I’ll ask Jay.
He loves stuff like this.
Oh.
That’ll be great
for you guys.
Yeah.
And thanks
for your help today, Cam.
You got it.
I don’t think Grandpa’s
having the best time.
He keeps going
and getting more drinks.
Well, not every time.
One time he went in to check
on the women’s basketball score.
The Sparks are up by eight
if anybody cares.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, Dad,
we all owe you
an apology.
We were so worried
about giving you
a great night...
that we ruined your day,
and we’re really sorry
we didn’t let you
go fishing.
Sorry, Dad.
Sorry, Jay.
Sorry.
[ Manny ]
Sorry, Jay.
You know what?
I’m acting like a jerk.
What am I, 12?
Hey.
So I didn’t get
to go fishing.
Am I gonna pout about it?
I still have my family,
and you guys made
such a big fuss.
I love you all.
[ Claire ]
Ohh!
So let’s go get
some cake and presents.
[ All ] Yeah!
[ Claire ]
Cake and presents.
Come on, everybody.
Honey, have I told you
how lucky I am
to have you?
Gloria, excuse me.
’Cause I am.
Okay.
[ Mitchell ]
♪ Ha– ♪
No singing.
What the hell happened
to the cake?
Nothing. It’s beautiful.
Okay, let’s open
the presents.
Yes. The presents.
Who’s first?
There we go.
Mine first. Mine first.
As you know, Claire and I
didn’t quite finish ours.
- But we will be
getting that to you.
- Fine.
And our gift is a fuller
version of that, and a card.
Wonderful.
And, of course,
the cake is, uh, mine.
Fantastic.
And here we have a phone
in the shape of a mouth.
Ah, you’re welcome.
Very sexy.
Wait a minute.
Don’t tell me.
Let me work this out.
I mentioned a few times
I was thinking
of taking up the saxophone.
You give me this.
I got it.
Is this a "sexy phone"?
Happy birthday!
[ Laughs ]
Wow.
What else we got?
Oh. Uh, nothing.
Maybe not a perfect showing
on behalf of the adults
in the family,
but don’t forget the kids
still have their big gift.
And it took us
a year to make.
It’s in the DVD player.
You gotta come watch it.
[ Mitchell ] Okay.
Come on.
[ Gloria ]
I’m so excited. Let’s go, Jay.
I bring your sexy phone.
Ah, you don’t forget that.
And, uh,
we all participated,
so this is kind
of from all of us.
Yeah.
Hit the lights.
- Dad!
- Jay!
Jay!
- Grandpa–
- We–
- Love–
- Ew!
Capisce?
Well–
Well, who wants
to see it again?
Um–
That’s it?
That’s all you used?
I wasn’t even in it.
That totally sucked.
You know what?
Great party.
Thank you all for coming.
And I hope you forgive me.
I’m gonna go upstairs,
curl up with a Ludlum
and call it a day.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
Hello.
Manny.
Where are you?
What are you doing
out there?
What the hell?
I dragged it back here
this afternoon.
I know it’s not the lake.
But maybe we could
pop open a few drinks
and hang out on the water.
Now, the old Jay
would have said,
"I wanted to be on a lake
with a fishing rod
and sunshine,
not bobbing around at night
in a swimming pool."
I miss the old Jay.
This is the life, huh?
It ain’t half bad.
Ay, I want to get
in the boat.
- [ Jay ]
Captain?
- All right.
[ Claire ] I wanna get
in the boat if she’s getting in.
I wanna get in.
[ Gloria ] You want to?
So how was your day
with Claire?
Actually,
it was really great.
I don’t always think about it,
but I was really lucky
to have her to grow up with.
I cannot imagine dealing
with my crazy parents alone.
Yeah.
Cam?
Hmm?
I– I wanna have
another baby.
What would you think
about a boy this time?
[ Jay ]
All right, easy. Easy.
No, no, no.
You’re rocking the boat!
I got Claire! I got Claire!
[ Mitchell ]
All right, ahoy.
So if we all just enter
through the starboard section
and then–
Okay, everybody,
upstairs.
And, Luke, I want you
to get in a hot bath
right away.
I’m still shivering.
That’s why you don’t
stand up in a boat.
I was king of the world.
Now you’re dork
of the night.
Honey, have I told you
how lucky I am?
You mean since dinner?
I can’t help it.
Your beautiful eyes,
your silky hair.
Promise me you’ll
never... change.
I have to admit,
that’s kind of hot.
Maybe I will go change.
Mmm.
Mmm. I still got it.
Knock it off.